It must be very difficult having
all those voices inside one head.
Marc Spector. Steven Grant. Khonshu.
KHONSHU: Give it back, you fool.
(SCREAMS)
STEVEN: Can you hear him?
ARTHUR: Not anymore.
I was his former Avatar.
Khonshu punishes those
who have already walked an evil path.
His retribution comes too late.
Ammit tears evil up from the root.
I wish you could live
to see the world we make.
Yet, Ammit has decided.
You don't need to doubt her judgment.
Ammit will light the path to good.
We must resurrect her.
MARC: Steven, I made a deal with Khonshu.
That deal is contingent
on you not interfering.
Now, give me the body.
(PANTS)
ARTHUR: That scarab functions
as a kind of compass,
leading us to Ammit's tomb.
KHONSHU: Summon the suit!
Shit!
We'll find the scarab.
KHONSHU: Too late. Harrow has it.
MARC: Then we'll find another way.
We'll get to Ammit's tomb first.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
And then I found him, with the scarab,
living 20 minutes from our old place.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
Now, he's probably going to get himself
killed running around Cairo.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
That's why you look so unhappy
to be going home.
Anxious, maybe.
(DRAWER OPENS)
It's been 10 years.
LAGARO: Not worried you might've
burned too many bridges?
All those stolen relics
and cheeky antiques?
(PRINTER WHIRRING)
LAYLA: I don't steal.
They've already been stolen.
That's what people forget.
I take them off the black market
and return them to their rightful owners.
(WHIRRING)
I might keep a few to pay the bills.
LAGARO: Clever you.
Not so innocent anymore, eh?
I wonder what your father would think
of his little scarab now?
Hmm. We'll never know.
I can't believe he let you teach me
how to do all of this.
Ha! The man indulged you.
You think his dig sites
were any place for a child?
Archeology. One big mess
of obsessive bookworms.
Whatever happened in that desert
is lost to the sands.
LAGARO: It's a hard thing,
exhuming the pain of the past.
- Easy to get stuck.
- (CLICKS)
Fixate on what's hurt us.
LAYLA: Great. Then I won't do either.
LAGARO: Like you aren't already.
I miss him, too, is all.
But that's your baggage, not mine.
Just avoid your old haunts.
Call me sentimental,
but I worry about you.
(SIGHS)
Have a good trip, love.
LAYLA: Thanks. (KISSES)
(MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING)
(WIND WHISTLING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(CHANTING CHORAL MUSIC PLAYING)
ARTHUR: We found Ammit.
She's here.
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
(ALL CHEERING)
(IN ENGLISH) She's here.
(LAUGHS)
Marc Spector's in Cairo.
He's tracking us.
I know. She's here.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
- (KNIFE PENETRATING)
- (GRUNTS)
Oh, shit.
You killed him?
I needed to talk to that guy.
About a dig site.
Guess I'm gonna have to
talk to you instead.
You're too late.
- You're never gonna find Harrow.
- Really?
Oh, wow.
Oh. What, are we dancin'? We fightin'?
What are we gonna do?
(YELLING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
Ow!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(YELLS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
STEVEN: Marc.
Don't do it, Marc.
Stop it.
Stop.
(HORNS HONKING)
Where's Steven?
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
(IN ENGLISH) Where are you taking me?
You are said airport.
Airport.
Wait, wait, wait. Stop! Stop!
Stop, stop! Stop, stop, stop!
Let me talk to you.
Just let us go, man.
- That wasn't me!
- (SPEAKING ARABIC)
Let me talk to you for a second.
(HORN HONKING)
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(WOMAN SHOUTING)
(GROANING)
(GRUNTING)
Where's Harrow?
Where is Harrow? Tell me.
STEVEN: Marc.
Marc, that's enough.
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
(BLOOD SQUELCHES)
(SOFTLY) What?
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
Steven, what did you do?
I swear. That wasn't me.
MARC: Then who was it?
(MAN GROANING)
Where's the tomb?
KHONSHU: Take him to the ledge.
He's just a kid.
He'll talk.
Where is Harrow?
- Praise Ammit.
- No, kid.
(BODY THUDS)
(GASPS)
KHONSHU: Mmm.
I thought he'd talk.
What the hell's wrong with you, Steven?
Me? You're the one
going on a killing spree.
I didn't do any of this.
Me neither. Listen, if you've got
a problem with the body count,
I suggest you stop listening
to that stupid pigeon.
Stay out of my way.
Well, if we can't find
Harrow's digging crew,
we're gonna have to stop 'em another way.
So? What about the other gods?
Are they just gonna stand by
and allow somebody to unleash Ammit?
KHONSHU: To signal for an audience
with the gods is to risk their wrath.
Why? What's the worst that could happen?
KHONSHU: Anger them enough
and they'll imprison me in stone.
That doesn't sound so bad to me.
KHONSHU: See how you fare against Harrow
without the protection
of my healing armor.
All right. So, what?
Do you have any good ideas?
KHONSHU: I have a bad one.
Khonshu?
(WIND WHISTLING)
What are you doing?
KHONSHU: Sending the gods
a signal they can't ignore.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: Help!
You're getting desperate, old bird.
Keep digging!
No matter what happens, keep digging!
Do not stop. I'm about to be called upon.
That was a bit over the top,
don't you think?
KHONSHU: Hurry.
They're gathering their Avatars now.
Aren't they scattered all over the world?
KHONSHU: Yes.
But for a meeting of the Ennead,
a portal presents itself anywhere.
Okay. So, where's mine?
(RUMBLING)
KHONSHU: The last time I spoke
to the gods, they banished me.
Our case against Harrow
must be indisputable.
Aren't you coming with?
KHONSHU: Oh, I'll be there.
(MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING)
STEVEN: I can't believe it.
Oh, my days. We're inside.
We're inside the Great Pyramid of Giza.
Khonshu's theatrics are unparalleled.
You must be his Avatar.
MARC: Hi. And who are you?
- I'm Yatzil, Avatar of Hathor.
- Okay.
Goddess of music and love?
Cool.
Surely Khonshu mentioned her?
The gods aren't really his favorite topic.
Not even when they are old friends?
- Sorry.
- (ETHEREAL VOICE WHISPERS)
(CHUCKLES) She says it was not so long ago
Khonshu enjoyed Hathor's melodies.
Well, as far as I know, the only melody
Khonshu enjoys is the sound of pain.
Yatzil.
Has Khonshu told you how this works?
Not really.
Is there somethin' I should know?
I try not to fight it.
It's a strange sensation.
But you'll get used to it.
Great.
In attendance, Horus, Isis, Tefnut,
Osiris and Hathor,
to hear the account of Khonshu.
You've been banished once
for nearly exposing us, Khonshu.
And you know we despise your garishness,
your showy masks, and weapons.
But manipulate the sky again
and we will imprison you in stone.
(AS KHONSHU) Spare me
your self-righteous threats!
I was banished
for not abandoning humanity,
unlike the rest of you.
We have not abandoned humanity.
They abandoned us.
We simply trust our Avatars
to carry out our purposes
without calling undue attention
to ourselves.
Not like some of us.
Avatars are not enough!
We need the might of gods.
Return from the opulence of the Overvoid
before you lose this realm.
For the last time, Khonshu...
The Avatars that remain here
are simply meant to observe.
We decided long ago
we did not wish to meddle
in the affairs of man.
We will decide our best course of action.
Speak your purpose.
I call for judgment against Arthur Harrow.
The charges?
Conspiracy to release Ammit!
That is a heavy accusation, Khonshu.
Let us summon the accused.
(WHOOSHING)
So, I see by the presence
of Khonshu's current makeshift Avatar,
the purposes of our meeting
must be nefarious.
You know exactly why we are here!
I must admit I do not miss
the sound of that voice.
But speak, old master, to the point.
Do you not seek to release Ammit
from her tomb?
ARTHUR: I was in the desert.
But if visiting the sands were a crime,
the line of sinners
would be longer than the Nile.
Khonshu has searched for Ammit's tomb
since he ensnared me to his service.
His vision is obscured
by jealousy, paranoia, and his...
He is a deceiver!
Do not trust the word of a shamed god.
No, Khonshu is unhinged
and his servant unwell.
How do you mean?
This is a man who literally does not know
his own name.
(CLEARS THROAT)
He has a marriage certificate
under the name Marc Spector...
Liar!
Employment records
under the name Steven Grant.
Stop!
- I've seen him speak to himself...
- Shut up!
Threaten himself. (CHUCKLES)
I have no idea how many personalities
he must possess.
The man is clearly insane.
We will not tolerate violence
in this Chamber.
(EXHALES)
ARTHUR: It brings me no pleasure
to tell you
that this is a deeply troubled man.
Khonshu is taking advantage of him
the same way that he abused me,
the way he aspires to abuse this court.
Take action now before it's too late.
Let us speak to Marc Spector.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Are you unwell?
(AS MARC) I am. I am unwell.
I need help.
But that doesn't change the fact
that this man is...
This is a safe space for you to tell us
if you feel exploited by Khonshu.
This is not about my feelings!
I'm not the one on trial here. He is!
This is about how dangerous he is
if you would just listen for a second.
He has committed no offense.
This matter is concluded.
(SIGHS)
Marc? There is another way.
- You must listen to me carefully.
- Yes. Yes.
Ammit was buried in secret.
The location hidden even from the gods.
Ammit had many followers.
I didn't know who to trust.
But someone had to know something.
One man. A medjay named Senfu.
He was tasked with recording
the location of the tomb
in case the gods ever changed their minds
and decided to show mercy.
Find Senfu's sarcophagus
and you'll find your tomb.
Okay. How am I supposed to do that?
His sarcophagus was stolen
and sold on the black market.
You might want to start there.
(MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING)
(MAN SHOUTING IN ARABIC)
MARC: I'll take one.
Perfect, one, sir.
Best juice ever in the world.
(HORNS HONKING)
MARC: I'm looking for Senfu's sarcophagus.
Senfu?
I hope you like attention.
Right guy, right place.
But you're not Egyptian.
Layla, what the hell are you doing here?
You shouldn't be here.
Why? Because my name pisses off
a few people in Cairo? Who cares?
It's not the locals
that I'm worried about.
LAYLA: Come with me.
I'll help you find what you need.
(UP-TEMPO MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING)
MARC: So what exactly are we gonna
do here? What's the plan?
Oh.
It's not pleasant
being left in the dark, is it?
Okay.
I get that you're not happy about me
leaving so quickly and coming to Cairo.
I understand.
Wait. Is that your apology?
- That's good. That's really good.
- Just so we can get through tonight,
maybe let's just give our shit
a rest for a moment
and just try to strategize
before we get to...
- Mogart's?
- Mogart?
Just so you know,
I'm not here to help you.
I'm here for me and for everyone else
who would die if Harrow succeeds.
- Copy that.
- Good.
I am sorry.
For whatever that's worth.
So, this Mogart guy.
He's really gonna have his sarcophagus?
Yes. I asked around.
Mogart's collection is prime gossip
for those of us who deal in antiquities.
(MUSIC VOLUME INCREASES)
(ULULATING)
I haven't heard that sound since...
Since our wedding.
(ULULATING CONTINUES)
You could've told me. You know?
What's it's been like for you.
About Steven.
For what it's worth, I had it
under control until very recently.
What happened?
Doesn't matter.
LAYLA: We could've handled it together.
Yeah.
That's not really what I do, is it?
Never really been able to just
talk about everything.
Anything real?
Yes.
Yeah, I know.
But that doesn't mean
that we shouldn't have.
Yeah. Maybe.
A little too late for that now, though.
Okay. Let's get our story straight.
This guy's got a lot of friends.
LAYLA: Yeah, and a lot with guns.
What is it?
Harrow's men keeping tabs?
I don't know. It could be.
Let's go.
Remember, your name is Rufino Estrada.
MARC: Right.
We just got back from our honeymoon
in the Maldives.
That's an interesting little detail
to give to them.
I'd tell them you worked at a gift shop,
but they'd never believe me, would they?
(DRAMATIC MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING)
(HORSE WHINNIES)
Bek.
Layla.
LAYLA: It's been a while.
- Good to see you.
- Yeah.
- Right this way.
- Thank you.
BEK: He's looking forward to seeing you.
After Madripoor I'm sure you two
will have a lot to talk about.
Excuse me for one moment.
Mr. Mogart will be with you shortly.
(MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
So what? This joker just puts on
El-Mermah games
in his backyard, for fun?
No, he gets private lessons by the best
in his backyard.
MARC: Cool.
I like the robe.
Layla. Come in.
Such a delight to see you.
You, too.
How have you been?
Good. Thank you for having us over
on such short notice.
Oh, please. I hope you realize
you need no excuse to drop by.
This is my husband, Rufino.
- MARC: Nice to meet you.
- Pleasure.
Oh. Right.
I hope you understand
this is more than a collection to me.
Preserving history is a responsibility
I take very seriously.
A self-appointed responsibility
that you alone were able to enjoy, no?
Well, I prefer to see it
as a philanthropic effort at preservation.
Now, if I may ask, why such interest
in Senfu in particular?
Oh, actually, our purchases are...
I'm sorry. I'd like to hear
from your husband, if you don't mind.
MARC: Hmm.
MOGART: Mmm-hmm.
I think that... But I think
I just would love to take a look.
Funny man.
Feel free.
- Great.
- Yeah. Great.
LAYLA: Please, just let Steven out
before you blow this.
Not a chance. All right, what do you see?
Well, the burial practices are in line
with the Studenwachen texts.
MARC: The what?
It's legit.
But all I'm seeing is literature
to guide the dead.
Uh-huh.
There's no location indicated.
STEVEN: Because the information
has to be unlocked.
It's coded.
Okay, um...
Will you give me a minute?
I gotta talk to Steven...
Just keep him occupied.
(SIGHS)
All right, Steven, you wanna talk to me?
Talk to me. What now?
What now? What now is,
you give me the body and you piss off.
Damn it, there's not time for this.
Tell me if there's something
that you know.
He just needs a couple minutes
in there alone,
'cause... Yeah. He is...
He's praying.
Sorry. If you expect my help,
it's not gonna be while I'm imprisoned.
Do you want a bloodbath? Huh?
- Fine, have it your way.
- All right.
You are the worst.
Check the cartonnage.
Okay. What do I do?
Take that first piece
and fold it over the middle piece.
- This one?
- Yes, that one.
- Like this? (EXHALES)
- Yeah.
MARC: Wait a second.
STEVEN: Now, if you match those stars up
with the other piece over there,
- it should make a star...
- BEK: What are you doing?
Marc! Don't.
Shit!
MOGART: Do you really think I'm an idiot?
- Get on your knees.
- Anton, stop!
Get on your knees.
Okay.
Layla, I was so ready
to make peace with you.
You don't understand.
We're trying to save many lives.
Hey, pal.
Take a look inside the sarcophagus.
There's somethin' really, really big.
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
Well, that's interesting.
It appears we have a concerned
third party here.
Get up.
Whatever they've told you,
I'm sure I can offer you something
much more tangible.
Why settle for a clue
when you can have the treasure?
Anton. Anton, don't listen to this man.
He's trying to stop us from reaching...
Please, stop.
He's gonna kill millions, trust me!
Are you seriously talking about trust?
Please, there's no need to descend
into violent accusations.
Each one of you has so much more in common
than you know.
Layla,
you keep thinking that distance
will prevent the wounds
from your father's murder from reopening.
But something stands in your way.
Your husband doesn't tell you the truth.
And Marc, you don't tell her
because you know that if you do,
she'll see you exactly
as you see yourself,
as unworthy of love.
You piece of shit.
Anton...
The lore surrounding these relics,
I offer proof that it's real.
This sarcophagus doesn't belong to anyone.
KHONSHU: Do it. Summon the suit.
Give them what they deserve.
ARTHUR: Anton...
Would you like to see for yourself?
Yes.
I do.
(CHANTING IN COPTIC)
KHONSHU: What are you waiting for?
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(IN ENGLISH) That's just a taste
of the godly power I offer.
Hey, he's gone.
MOGART: Where is he?
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
- (MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
- (PEOPLE CLAMORING)
- Buy me some time.
- I can do that.
(ALL GROANING)
(GRUNTING)
- (GRUNTS)
- (GLASS SCATTERING)
(YELLS)
STEVEN: Marc, stop it! Stop it!
No, Marc!
(GROANS)
- (CHOKING)
- Give me the body, Marc!
Oh! Sorry.
You all right?
That's it. All right, time out.
That's it, time out!
Guys, let's all calm down, yeah?
We're all worked up.
Let's all just, like, chill the F out
and talk for a second...
(GRUNTS)
Take the body.
Take the body, take the body, Marc.
(GROANS)
- (GRUNTS)
- (LAYLA GROANS)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
Layla!
- (YELLS)
- (MEN GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- You okay?
- LAYLA: Yeah.
- Do you have it?
- Yeah.
- We need a car.
- Yeah, come on.
KHONSHU: Tick-tock, Marc Spector.
Tick-tock.
MARC: Ay.
I really liked that jacket.
Oh, well.
What was Harrow talking about?
What do you mean?
He said I had a right to know.
I have no idea.
I never told anyone why I really moved.
I mean, but he knew,
he just saw right through me.
He's just trying to mess with you.
You know, he's trying to get in your mind.
No, don't let him do that.
You know, he's got this idea
that he can see
the true nature of people
or some baloney like that.
If that were true, I don't think he'd have
a bunch of homicidal maniacs
as his disciples, would he?
So, it's not true?
What he said about you and...
No, it's not true.
No, he's just trying to divide us.
Don't let him get in your head.
Every time I learn something new
about you,
I think, "That's it. There can't possibly
be any secrets left between us."
And then something else pops up,
and it's like I've not known you at all.
Yeah. You haven't.
You don't.
DISCIPLE: I've spotted them.
MARC: Try that.
LAYLA: Maybe, actually.
MARC: This one?
LAYLA: Okay.
Uh... No. Anything else?
I'm not getting any whole constellations.
It's just little pieces and fragments.
(SIGHS)
This is gonna take forever.
- Marc, we need Steven.
- (SIGHS WEARILY)
He understands all of this. I really think
it's worth giving him a shot.
KHONSHU: I summon the gods,
you summon the worm.
He won't return the body.
LAYLA: Marc, we can't wait.
It's okay, just let go.
- (EXCLAIMS)
- We don't have time.
(SIGHS)
What are you doing?
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
All right, go ahead. You're in.
(AS STEVEN) Cheers, thanks a lot.
All right. Yeah.
Here we go.
Don't need that.
I don't need that.
Steven?
Egyptians invented modern navigation.
There's not a lot of landmarks
in the desert.
So they came up with a way
to get about using the sun and the stars.
It's bloody genius, isn't it?
Yeah.
Et voilà.
LAYLA: Whoa.
It's French.
(LAUGHS) I know.
So, what do we do with it?
Well, I'm not sure, but if...
Wait, hang on a minute.
You see that?
You see those little pinpricks there?
That's a constellation.
LAYLA: We should be able to triangulate
the stars into coordinates, right?
Let me just scan it.
Well, um, actually...
Unfortunately, it's not that simple.
- Not working. Why isn't it working?
- Yeah, yeah, you see, Senfu...
Senfu marked that tomb,
like, 2,000 years ago.
And stars drift over time.
Not much as far as stars go,
but it could mean the difference
between us searching miles away
from where we're supposed to be looking.
So unless we know exactly
what the sky looked like on that date,
we're buggered.
KHONSHU: I remember that night.
I remember every night.
STEVEN: Khonshu?
KHONSHU: I can turn back the night sky.
- How?
- It will come at a cost,
and I cannot do it alone.
Steven, when the gods imprison me,
tell Marc to free me.
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
Do what I do.
STEVEN: Yeah? Like this?
- (KHONSHU GROANS)
- Whoa!
Oh, man! This is mental.
(EXCLAIMS)
(STRAINING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
KHONSHU: This is the night.
(RUMBLING)
STEVEN: This is surprisingly painful.
LAYLA: It's working.
STEVEN: It's working. Yes.
Good.
(GROANING)
You brought this upon yourself, Khonshu.
(GODS CHANTING IN COPTIC)
(STEVEN GROANS)
STEVEN: I can feel my energy leaving me.
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
Oh, God, I don't know
how much longer I can do this.
(GROANS LOUDLY)
COMPUTERIZED VOICE: Coordinates found,
29 degrees north, 25 east.
- I got it. 29 degrees north, 25 east.
- (GASPS)
- (CHANTING CONTINUES)
- (DRAMATIC MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING)
LAYLA: Steven.
(LAYLA GRUNTS)
Hey, Steven? Marc?
Come on. Come on.
Where are you?
Marc? Come on.
SELIM: You were right about Khonshu.
And in the end, he left us no choice.
Now, he's tethered to this place,
like many before him.
Can he hear us?
We think so, yes.
ARTHUR: Can I tell you a secret?
I enjoyed dealing out pain on your behalf.
That is the greatest sin I carry.
I am grateful.
Had you not broken me so completely,
I might never have known
the value of healing.
I'm going to do what you could not.
And when it's finished,
I want you to remember one thing.
Your torment forged me.
I owe my victory to you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today